vinyl: skip invisible read sources (#10851)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-10846-fix-vinyl-replica-join-degradation-under-write-load.md

## bugfix/vinyl

> * Fixed a bug when joining a new replica to a master instance experiencing
>   a heavy write load would severely degrade the master instance performance.
>   The fix should also speed up long running scanning requests (gh-10846).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug when joining a new replica to a master instance that experiences
  a heavy write load would severely degrade the master instance performance.
  The fix should also speed up long-running scan requests (gh-10846).
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!
